<div class="JobDescription_job-description__M31d3"><header class="JobDescription_header__rBfZe"><div class="JobDescription_header__content__o_UH2"><h2 class="Text_text--headline-xl__DqnCT Text_text--weight-bold__jl20H JobDescription_header__title__xtMzc"><span class="">Frontend Developer</span></h2></div><a target="_blank" href="https://hubx.breezy.hr/p/e50df1c8e8d3-frontend-developer" class="Button_button__30ukX Button_button--variant-filled-dark__wXoAl Button_button--radius-large__M_ook JobDescription_header__button__X3QUG"><div class="Button_button__children__eLy5L">Apply With Resume</div><div class="Button_button__spinner__HYDVQ"><span></span><span></span><span></span></div></a></header><div class="JobDescription_articles__2PiV9"><h3>About the job</h3><div class="JobDescription_articles__content__nGEIE"><p>At HubX we build mobile apps, used and loved by millions all around the world.<br></p><p>We have a track record of building and growing mobile apps on various verticals that reached over 100 million users across 6 continents and 160 countries.</p><p>We are looking for a talented “<strong>Frontend Developer”</strong> to join our energetic and highly motivated team.</p><p>As a talented <strong>“Frontend Developer”</strong> you’d probably land an interview with many companies if you wanted to, so why choose us?<br><strong><br></strong><b>W</b>e offer you an opportunity to make a huge impact in the lives of millions of users through our products, and even the mobile app industry at large in the next years to come.</p></div><h3>Some of your responsibilities</h3><div class="JobDescription_articles__content__nGEIE"><ul>
<ul></ul>
</ul><ul><li>Create single-page, static-generated and server-rendered web pages.</li><li>Ability to make beautiful, mobile-first, responsive and cross-browser UIs.</li><li>Work alongside our product owners and UI/UX designers to realize your shared vision.</li><li>Understand and diagnose web metrics to improve web vitals.</li><li>Stay current on the latest platform capabilities so that we know what’s possible.</li><li>Practice Scrum with a great group of developers and product managers.</li><li>Work in a cross-functional team in an agile (scrum) environment to define, design, build and ship new features.</li><li>Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency.</li><li>Write clean, maintainable code and participate in peer code-reviews.</li><li>Modify the UI of the website to make it more accessible and functional.</li><li>Develop and maintain systems to support the growing user base.</li></ul></div><h3>What we look for</h3><div class="JobDescription_articles__content__nGEIE"><ul>
<ul></ul></ul><ul><li>Experience with static-generated web pages using Next.js framework.</li><li>Ability to create and maintain accessible and SEO optimized web pages that comfort WCAG.</li><li>Expert knowledge of vanilla CSS. Ability to make complex UI components.</li><li>TypeScript experience, including concepts like functional and asynchronous programming.</li><li>Good knowledge of HTML, CSS, TypeScript, React, Next.js.</li><li>Experience with REST API and GraphQL services.</li><li>Experience with content management systems like Keystone.js, Strapi and Sanity.</li><li>Experience with web vitals and ability to diagnose and improve performance problems using tools like Lighthouse.</li><li>Optionally experience with web animations using libraries like GSAP and Framer Motion.</li><li>Familiarity with UI/UX design.</li><li>Familiarity using Scrum/Agile development methodologies.</li><li>Teamwork skills with a problem-solving attitude.</li><li>Good command of written and spoken English.</li></ul></div><h3>The benefits of working with us</h3><div class="JobDescription_articles__content__nGEIE"><p>We would like you to focus on what you do best, we take care of the rest.</p><ul><li><strong>Huge impact:</strong> Your work can significantly impact our millions of users, and even the mobile app industry at large in the next years to come.</li><li><strong>A competitive compensation package</strong>: A competitive compensation package: Our total compensation package is very comprehensive; covering your cost of commuting for our headquarter as well as providing you with a meal card.</li><li><strong>A unique and top-notch office:</strong> Our well-designed office is in the tallest building in Izmir. Every day, you can enjoy the sunset over The Gulf of Izmir without leaving your deck.</li><li><strong>Our HQ Location:</strong> You can come to our office or work wherever you want. If you choose the on-site option, keep in mind that it’s still fine to sometimes work remotely.</li><li><strong>Unlimited coffee &amp; green smoothies from XPresso</strong>: We’ve built our own café inside our office so you can grab your coffee from XPresso and start your day off on the right foot.</li><li><strong>Opportunity to take responsibility from day one:</strong> No one will micromanage you. Together with your team, you’ll be free to choose a direction, test, fail, and test the next idea.</li><li><strong>Flexible schedule:</strong> Our regular hours are 9-6 GMT+3, but this isn’t a “clock in, clock out” company. You’re fully trusted to create the right conditions for your own personal peak productivity.</li><li><strong>Continuous education:</strong>The more you want to improve your knowledge, the more we support you!</li><li><strong>Strong company culture:</strong> Our approach is always open communication &amp; teamwork</li><li><strong>Private Medical Insurance:</strong> We go above and beyond for your health</li><li><strong>Gym Reimbursement: </strong>We support annual gym membership because we want you to be in tip-top shape psychically and mentally.</li><li><strong>A brand new Macbook</strong></li>
</ul></div></div><div class="JobDescription_footer__r5Apo"><a target="_blank" href="https://hubx.breezy.hr/p/e50df1c8e8d3-frontend-developer" class="Button_button__30ukX Button_button--variant-filled-dark__wXoAl Button_button--radius-large__M_ook JobDescription_footer__button__HKuHZ"><div class="Button_button__children__eLy5L">Apply With Resume</div><div class="Button_button__spinner__HYDVQ"><span></span><span></span><span></span></div></a></div></div>